apt dist-upgrade: add page (#13329)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/apt-get-dist-upgrade.md

# apt-get dist-upgrade

> > The dist-upgrade performs comprehensive package upgrades, resolving dependency conflicts and installing/removing packages as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Perform comprehensive package upgrades, resolving dependency conflicts and installing/removing packages as needed.
```
We avoid using the tool name in description when not needed(style guide).
